# A Tri-Learning Framework for Few-Shot Classification: Semi-Supervised Clustering, Multi-Prototype Network, and KNN Graph
## Due to the scarcity of labeled data, few-shot classification (FSC) often relies on simple yet robust classification models, such as prototype networks. This limits the ability to fit complex decision boundaries.  Semi-supervised clustering (SSC) can effectively reveal the class distribution with the guidance of a few labeled data; in particular, density-based SSC algorithms can fit arbitrarily complex decision boundaries. In this paper, we introduce SSC into few-shot classification for the first time and propose a Density-based Partial SSC algorithm (DP-SSC). This algorithm focuses on clustering high-density samples along with their neighbors to unveil the core data distribution. Building upon the outcomes of DP-SSC, we propose a Multi-Prototype Network (MPN), which utilizes the centroid of each cluster (i.e., subclass) to construct a prototype. Furthermore, we introduce a K-nearest neighbors graph (KNN-G), together with DP-SSC and MPN, to establish a Few-Shot Tri-Learning Framework, termed FS-TLF. This framework iteratively learns the three FSC models using their consistent pseudo-labels, effectively minimizing noise and confirmation bias. Essentially, FS-TLF leverages the diversity among multiple FSC models to improve the generalization ability to novel classes. The final classification is determined through decision fusion of DP-SSC, MPN, and KNN-G. We conducted extensive experimental evaluations against 28 state-of-the-art FSC algorithms across three benchmark FSC datasets. The results demonstrate that our method achieves superior performance in both 1-shot and 5-shot settings, with a particularly notable advantage in 1-shot tasks. 
